Sophie
What are you still struggling with besides Ma Liang?
You care so much about him
I thought you were Ma Liang's woman
Without a doubt
Be quiet when you die
How is that possible?
You obviously won
OK
This time you win
But don't be complacent
No one returns to dust tonight
He recruits the same
I'm waiting for you below to disappear
how
Don't you even want to give me the last decency?
Decent or not I don't know
But I think you should reconsider
Lanqing mother, what's the matter with you?
Why did you fight with your uncle?
Give up, baby bird
You really lost.
It's true that my chick is a chicken
I can't get out of the prison that trapped me
I can't fly to the branches and be a phoenix
It's okay, you still have a great future